[Music]
my parents actually that may have been
well you're living the dreams DP yeah
strong highs beautiful girlfriend
sorry I'm late I was rounding up all the
gluten in the world and launching in
space where it can't not hurt us ever
again
kiss me like you miss me red what in the
sickle is this my name's cable I'm
here for the kid
what the kid movie guy
kids give us a chance to be better than
we used to be a made you a lot smarter
than I look
I let cable kill this kid but I can't do
this alone can you speak up
it's hard to hear you with that pity
dick in your mouth we're gonna form a
super duper group need him
topping morally flexible and young
enough to carry their own franchise for
10 to 12 years x-force you're absolutely
right now let's go get our on don't
call it a comeback
tell me they got that in slow motion
doing the right thing is messy you want
to fight for what's right sometimes you
have to fight dirty mat is why
Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is
pure pornography oh god I wish I
finished college it lives up to the hype
plus plus dark it they probably won't
even make it three yeah why would they
stop it - you killed it
[Music]